Pro-
We support the resolution-
Resolved: Free Speech should not protect hate speech

PRO MEANS PUNISH HATE SPEECH

Framework: As the pro side, we support the resolution resolved: free speech should not protect hate speech
"The plain fact is that not all free speech is good speech. Which means that freedom of speech is not always a sound or just public policy."'
Contention 1: Hate Speech leads to increase in violence
We are deluding ourselves from the problem if we do not see the parallel connection between intolerant or hateful rhetoric and its inevitable consequences. There is evidence that shows hate speech predicts violence. One of the many minorities that are victims of hate speech are Muslims. According to The Daily Beast, after the terrorist attacks of 9/11, official statistics show that hate speech and hate crimes against Muslims are at their highest levels since 2001. A study done by the FBI in 2012  indicates that in a one-year period, from 2009 to 2010, there was a staggering 42 percent increase in hate crimes against Muslims in this country. Similarly, other incidents such as anti-Semitic harassment, and assault climbed 86% in the first quarter of 2017 when compared with the first quarter of 2016. Multiple researches suggest that these increases are connected to the rising profile of white nationalism in politics and the media or in other words, a rise in hate speech. Another event where hate speech has directly led to crime is the shooting rampage at Sikh Gurdwara, a house of worship in Oak Creek, Wisconsin. The shooter, Wade Michael Page was a member of Hammerskin Nation, one of the most violent white supremacist groups in the country. Being apart of this organization, Page was taught radical teachings and hate speeches which prompted him to commit such massacre. If we had punished those who gave hate speeches such as the Hammerskin Nation, young people such as Page would not have been able to commit such massacre because he wouldn’t have gotten access or be introduced to hate speeches so easily.

Contention 2: Hate speech causes suicide and higher chance of mental health disease
Furthermore, the damage that hate crimes do extends beyond those individual victims. It impacts the whole group and community. According to Every Town Research, after a violent hate crime incident, members of the same targeted group will be affected greatly. Besides the small changes due to protective measures such as not going to certain areas or avoiding going out, these people will also experience severe symptoms of post-traumatic stress. They are scared and lost on what will happen to them in them in the future. In Boston, researchers found that  LGBT adolescents who lived in neighborhoods with higher rates of LGBT assault hate crimes were significantly more likely to consider or attempt suicide than those in neighborhoods with lower hate crime rates. Suicide is a huge issue that has to be brought to attention. The PRB has just announced that suicide is the second-leading cause of death among teenagers and young adults. According to the CDC’s National Center for Health Statistics, suicide has increased by 24% from 1999 to 2014. This is almost directly proportional to the increase in hate speech, hate crime, and hate organizations. Therefore, this shows that whenever hate speeches increase, suicide rates increase. However, suicide and increase in crime aren’t the only consequences. Empirical data suggests that hate speeches has been linked to cigarette smoking, high blood pressure, anxiety, depression and eating disorders. These negative physical and mental health outcomes — which embody the historical roots of race and gender oppression — mean that hate speech is not "just speech." Hate speech is doing something. It results in tangible harms that are serious in and of themselves and that collectively amount to the harm of subordination.

Contention 3: There are already restrictions and boundaries on free speech
Many people might argue that hate speech is under the protection of the 1st Amendment and therefore, it is untouchable. They would say it is unconstitutional to restrict a person’s freedom of speech. However, this has already shown to be false. According the the Los Angeles Times, the government already regulates speeches such as advertising, obscenity, slander, libel, and inciting lawless action. In 1942, the Supreme Court convicted a member of the Jehovah's witness who addressed a police officer as a "God damned racketeer" and "a damned fascist" (Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire). The Court's opinion in the case stated that there was a category of face-to-face epithets, or "fighting words," that was outside of the protection of the First Amendment: those words "which by their very utterance inflict injury" and which "are no essential part of any exposition of ideas." Another case is the Brandenburg v. Ohio. Brandenburg, a leader in the Ku Klux Klan, made a speech at a Klan rally and was later convicted under an Ohio criminal syndicalism law. This law made advocating "crime, sabotage, violence, or unlawful methods of terrorism as a means of accomplishing industrial or political reform," illegal. Therefore, a freedom of speech is not limited and can be changed.

For these reasons we stronger urge a pro ballet. Thank you!

Notes:

Instead of punishing hate speeches, how about creating stricter gun laws. This would cause an argument with the right to bear arms.
The Southern Poverty Law Centre (SPLC) reports that there are 892 hate groups currently operating in the US, which seem to be mostly based in the south-east and eastern seaboard. SPLC also estimates that about a 191,000 hate crimes happen on US soil per year—of which just seven to 8,000 are reported.
Similarly, other incidents such as anti-Semitic harassment, and assault climbed 86% in the first quarter of 2017 when compared with the first quarter of 2016. Multiple researches suggest that these increases are connected to the rising profile of white nationalism in politics and the media or in other words, a rise in hate speech.



























Con-
We negate the resolution-
Resolved: Free Speech should not protect hate speech
Framework: The con side of this argument argues that hate speech should be protected. No definition. Prove that preventing hate speech will not solve the root cause of hate.
Contention 1: Hate speech is needed in our society and causes advancement
A lot of people have only been thinking about hate speech being bad, and harmful. However, once you think about it more deeply, hate speech has a lot of positive benefits and is needed in our society today. Hate speech actually plays an essential role in minority advancement. History shows that the more open the intellectual environment is, the better minorities will do. A writer from the The Atlantic Magazine wrote about a similar scenario on gay and same-sex marriage advocacy and rights. He said, “The critical factor in the elimination of error is not individuals’ commitment to the truth as they see it but it is society’s commitment to the protection of criticism, however misguided, upsetting, or ungodly.” It is this right to give hate speech that allow society to be informed and convinced to allow more same-sex marriage rights. Only through hate speech can we really see the real conflict and problem and solve it. In 2004, when the author was on the Seattle radio station giving a heated and full of “hate speech” debate on same-sex marriage. Later that night, the author received lots of calls concerning his debate that morning. They called his arguments “reasonable” and “convincing”. These were people that were totally against gay rights. America’s transformation on gay rights over the past few years is a triumph of the open society. Not long ago, gays had very few rights. They had no real political power, only the force of their freedom of speech and arguments. But in a society where free exchange is the rule, that was enough. They had the coercive power of truth. We learn empirically that women are as intelligent and capable as men; this knowledge strengthens the moral claims of gender equality. We learn from social experience that religious freedom helps govern society. We learn from critical argument that the notion that some race are inferior to others or slavery is impossible to defend; this knowledge strengthens the moral claims of inherent human dignity. To make social learning possible, we need to criticize our adversaries, of course. But no less do we need them to criticize ourselves. THIS is the key to American success and THIS must never be changed.  
Impacts:
-	

Contention 2: Getting Rid of Hate Speech does not get rid of Hate

Getting rid of hate speech does not get rid of violence, war, or death. All of that is fueled by hate. Preventing hate speech doesn’t prevent hate. It just leads to people biding their anger about something someone did or said. If we did get rid of hate speech completely, the consequences could be way worse than now. In a “perfect society”, where there is no such thing called “hate speech”. One person will begin decides to spread their “hateful” rhetoric to those who agree with them. That same message begins to spread like wildfire and before you know it, thousands upon thousands of people are siding with this upcoming leader. Since they haven’t been exposed to any form of hate speech, they blindly begin to chant these horrid statements that involve hurting this population of people. The end result is the individual gets their way and now this population has successfully been oppressed. Now if the people were constantly exposed to ideas and feelings of hatred, they would have been able to identify it, and oppose it. The purpose of listening to hate speech is to understand what the individual means, and then think of a way to come out against the movement. It is very easy for hate speech to influence people in times of desperation, depression, or just tough times in general. There needs to always be a steady stream of free thought so better ideas may overthrow the negativity that arises. Furthermore, if we do regulate hate speech, not only will hate still remain in our country, the outside world will also criticize our behavior. The fact that North Korea’s government refuses to accept negative feedback ironically ends up causing it to become a target for hate speech from the REST of the world about it’s limitation on speech. Based on that, it would be best if we don’t follow North Korea’s steps, and realize that regulating or punishing those who give hate speech does not get rid of hate. Impact to North Korea regulating hate speech can lead to overregulation such as family, descent, job etc…
Impacts:
-getting rid of hate speech may lead to more violence since they can only use physical conflict to express themselves because their freedom of speech is taken away

Contention 3: How do we enforce hate speech?
Also, who decides what hate speech is in court. 
Everyone get offended Overpopulation in jail. According to forbes.com, the U.S. is already operating at 103.9% of its’ prison’s maximum capacity. And from quora.com, the ratio between guard to inmate is within 1:8 to 1:45!, to build more prisons would take time, and would also mean that we have to throw a bunch of people in jail, not only from hate speech but also from things someone would regularly be arrested for. Then, we have to hire MORE guards from an already weakened population. And what do you think happens to our workforce?! Preventing hate speech even affects our economy!

For these reasons we strongly urge a con ballot




 The protests, the speeches given about the gun incident in Florida, many people targeted the second amendment, and even used HATE SPEECH to say that it needed to be changed. One such person, emma gonzalez, targeted the government and said “if all our government and president can do is send “thoughts and prayers”, then it’s time for victims to be the change we need to see…”Accusing the government of being useless is one way to go, but others targeted the guns themselves, like “auto-automatic, semi-automatic have no place in civilian society.”




5) According to forbes.com, the U.S. is already operating at 103.9% of its’ prison’s maximum capacity. And from quora.com, the ratio between guard to inmate is within 1:8 to 1:45!, to build more prisons would take time, and would also mean that we have to throw a bunch of people in jail, not only from hate speech but also from things someone would regularly be arrested for. Then, we have to hire MORE guards from an already weakened population. And what do you think happens to our workforce?! Preventing hate speech even affects our economy!

Extra things:
Definitions

Free speech: the principle that supports the freedom of an individual to articulate their opinions and ideas without fear of sanction (a financial penalty), retaliation, or censorship.

Hate speech: a type of speech that attacks a person or group on the basis of attributes such as race, religion, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, disability, or gender. 
Hate speech is protected in America

1st Amendment
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances. 

Pro: For regulating hate speech
Con: Against regulating hate speech

My teacher’s valuable opinion: the federal government should not regulate any type of speech

Who decides what hate speech is?
In the resolution, the government is the entity that decides what hate speech is


